Oh my God, I've wanted to send it to you for a long time now.
Today the company has a
So it lasted that long.
Hungry?
Having worked overtime until now, the temper is a little hungry, their meal must have been bad for you.
This one's for you.
I'm not hungry.
Boy, your brother's being chased by a killer.
You still have this mentality to love and flirt with girls.
General Review
General Manager Shen, your car has been parked.
Go back and stand up and make him.
brother
Why are you here?
I went back to get a document.
You guys keep going.
Gojorin is hungry.
I gave him food.
You're here with him tonight.
Take him home by yourself after dinner, thank you.